Question 1:

Answer:
1. We can check to see if there’s any anagram of t is a substring of s. 
2. We then compiling a dictionary of all counts for t to see if there’s any continue substring sets in s.
3 .Worst Case would be 0(len(s)) because it looping through all substring.
4. The space complexity would be 0(1) because the limited set of characters.


Question 2:

Answer:
Palindromes could be expand around center, so there are 0(2n-1) centers. The most efficient is 0(N^2) time and 0(1) space. 


Question 3:

Answer:

“Kruskal’s algorithm is a minimum-spanning-tree algorithm which finds an edge of the least possible weight that connects any two trees in the forest. It is a greedy algorithm in graph theory as it finds a minimum spanning tree for a connected weighted graph adding increasing cost arcs at each step. -  from Wikipedia”

Steps to solve the problem:

1. Generate list of edges will take O(E) time and O(E) space.
2. Sort the edges by weight will take O(Elog(E)) time and O(E) space. 
3. Loop through each edges, find the indices, and merge sets will take worst case O(E*V) time and O(V) space. 
4. Convert the edges back to the required output graph structure that will take O(E) time and O(V) space. 
5. Overall my algorithm will take O(E*V) time and O(E) space. However, the overall time complexity can be further reduced to O(E*log(V)) time with "disjoint-set data structure".


Question 4:

Answer:

1. Since the matrix is representing a BST, the least common ancestor between two nodes is the first node we meet with the value between n1 and n2. We then go left if the current node is greater than n1 and n2, go right if the current node is less than n1 and n2, else the node is the least common ancestor.

2. The worst case we will traversal is the depth of a binary tree
3. The time complexity will be O(log(n)) (if balanced, else it will be O(n)) where n is the number of elements in the tree. 
4. The space complexity is O(1) because we only keep track of the current node at the traversal stage.

Question 5:

Answer:
